wide by callahan in front ribbons
maintain control that point peach will
take a look
leads it down lower part of that fire
circle to pole cannon high slot stroll
patricia shot blocked in front they
can't clean it out dope each blunt one
going that one glances off the leg wide
then at 5:00 to go in the man advantage
stroll will feed it across to page
another shot just missed annette rebound
chopped off to the near board scroll
hustling in it's a good job to hold it
in back deep in that right corner where
to be played by Callahan now the poking
and wandering to the circle he'll drop
back to the line to stroll now across
left point peach takes a look heads down
the left porridge he'll feed it in deep
the pumpkin back to the line sprawl and
a shot in that one hit Callahan rebound
score they got away belong Callahan got
hit right in the face with that shot and
he's hurt blood is very visible yeah he
got he that's not good Callahan as tough
as he is he's going to get back to his
skates on his own Larry but boy that's a
nasty he got hit full brunt that shot by
Ryan scroll took it right in the mouth
that looks like and now the fans is
getting over the shock of this sir
recognizing as Callahan goes off on his
own power Larry
they don't make kids any tougher to
mascota he is something else isn't he
I really don't mean to they want to
brush up some of the blood on the ice
and they're waiting now because couple
the different players are there and I
mean I can only assume they're cheese
Ryan squirrels picking up teeth that's
what he's doing
oh my goodness
you know I need that's that's a good
call by the referee sees that the player
seriously injured like that yeah that
puck was certainly free and it was
cleanly put in but you got you got to
protect these guys tonight I had no
problem with that
it's dangerous place to be man and trust
me when I tell you this
hockey players see that live